Update K8s plugin config docs (#5070)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/deployment/plugins/k8s/index.rst

.. tags:: Kubernetes, Integration, Spark, AWS, GCP, Advanced

> This guide help you configure the Flyte plugins that provision resources on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you configure the Flyte plugins that provision resources on Kubernetes.
```

    
    To enable gang scheduling for the ``training-operator``:

    a. Select a second scheduler from 
    `Kubernetes scheduler plugins with co-scheduling <https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/training/job-scheduling/#running-jobs-with-gang-scheduling>`__
    or `Apache YuniKorn <https://yunikorn.apache.org/docs/next/user_guide/workloads/run_tf/>`__ .

    b. Configure a Flyte ``PodTemplate`` to use the gang scheduler for your Tasks:
       
    **K8s scheduler plugins with co-scheduling**

    .. code-block:: yaml

        template:
          spec:
            schedulerName: "scheduler-plugins-scheduler"

    **Apache Yunikorn**

    .. code-block:: yaml

          template:
            metadata:
              annotations:
                yunikorn.apache.org/task-group-name: ""
                yunikorn.apache.org/task-groups: ""
                yunikorn.apache.org/schedulingPolicyParameters: ""
              
              
    See :ref:`deployment-configuration-general` for more information about Pod templates in Flyte.
    You can set the scheduler name in the Pod template passed to the ``@task`` decorator. However, to prevent the

>     two different schedulers from competing for resources, it is recommended to set the scheduler name in the pod template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    two different schedulers from competing for resources, we recommend setting the scheduler name in the pod template
```

                            - spark.hadoop.fs.AbstractFileSystem.s3n.impl: "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3A"
                            - spark.hadoop.fs.s3.impl: "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3AFileSystem"
                            - spark.hadoop.fs.AbstractFileSystem.s3.impl: "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3A"
                            - spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.impl: "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3AFileSystem"
                            - spark.hadoop.fs.AbstractFileSystem.s3a.impl: "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3A"
                            - spark.network.timeout: 600s
                            - spark.executorEnv.KUBERNETES_REQUEST_TIMEOUT: 100000
                            - spark.executor.heartbeatInterval: 60s
                
              2. (Optional) The Spark operator supports Kubernetes ResourceQuota enforcement. If you plan to use it, 
                 set `per-Task resource requests <https://docs.flyte.org/en/latest/user_guide/productionizing/customizing_task_resources.html#customizing-task-resources>`__ that fit into the quota for each project-namespace. A Task without resource requests

>                  or limits will be rejected by the K8s scheduler as described `in the docs <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 or limits will be rejected by the K8s scheduler as described `in the Kubernetes docs <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/>`__.
```
